hi this Steve for how to build it and
right now let me just show you a little
bit of hand stitching I'm doing I built
a little stitching pony actually it's
not even a pony it's pretty pathetic but
it's a set of blocks that I made just to
hold my stitching for now and my basic
hand stitch I've been doing is a to
needle system I'm still getting used to
it so I'm sure I don't have all my
technique down correctly yet so you
passed the two needles through grip um
pull tight
proceed to next one somehow there's a
process when you pass them it's supposed
to be creating a knot inside however I
keep noticing that the prior stitches
loose so I don't think I'm doing it
right however on the next stitch I'm
able to pull through and it tightens the
third stitch back so I think I'm one
stitch behind all the way through
however seems to be working out and
these are the basics of my hand
stitching and go through pull tighten
and now for the last one I'm going to go
through
go through both needles and you're
supposed to remember which direction you
put the needle so it's always consistent
however I can't recall so there we are
and now my stitch is done
but I'm going to double up go back
through one or two more times just to be
redundant
because I tend to be redundant
frequently push the needles through
don't stab them into your thumbs and it
should have locked it down pretty well
so I'm going to pass this went through
one last time
tie it off and then I will be done
so there you go thanks for watching